# YOUR PRODUCT NAME: TBA

## Iteration 1 - Review & Retrospect

 * When: February 8, 2018
 * Where: Lash Miller 155

## Product - Review

#### Goals and/or tasks that were met/completed:

Our first and most important goal of choosing a particular user base was completed; as a group we decided to have the application be catered to University of Toronto students. Although this app would be useful to most students regardless of institution, we plan to allow users to import their ACORN schedules (in .ics format) to the app, and not every school may give students access to their schedules in .ics format (but we know U of T does). Also, allowing any student to use this would add another layer of complexity to the design as we would have to keep track of all schools registered on the application and the courses for each school. We felt this would be an unnecessary addition, at least for now, for this application. On the other hand, we had talks about how exclusive the app should be among University of Toronto students; at first we wanted to narrow down the user base to be as specific as possible so we planned to make it aimed towards Faculty of Arts and Science students at U of T. However, we didn’t plan on the app offering anything specifically aimed at just Faculty of Arts and Science students. Therefore, we kept the user base open to all University of Toronto students.

Our second goal and perhaps equally important as the first is identifying the problem. We were all clear on what the app was supposed to do, but as stated previously, if we weren’t all 100% clear on what the problem we are trying to solve is, we can run into problems such as implementation without purpose. It was hard to generalize the problem in one concrete statement even though we all had a rough understanding of the kinds of issues this app would be solving. We finally agreed that the main problem was that students needed a convenient way to connect with their classmates to be able to have access to them for help or for their resources (such as notes). Right now, a lot of students don’t feel connected with their classmates and can feel afraid to ask for help. Piazza serves as a forum for help, but there is often a lot of anonymity between users and it is used as a Q&A discussion board, not to plan study groups and share notes. Students use Facebook to share notes and get help, but even in Facebook groups, students are simply sharing links to their uploaded documents. In short, Facebook and its UI isn’t well designed to address this problem. Our app offers a coherent and all-in-one solution for students to give and receive help and plan study groups.

Our third goal of finding a solution was met as well; we decided that the application would need an integrated calendar to allow for planning between students and it would also need to be able to aggregate the notes for a class somehow. We felt these were the most important features that addressed the problem at hand.

Our last goal was all about app implementation. Although we were able to tackle many aspects of this goal, we were not able to complete it to its entirety. The parts of this goal we did complete include sketching out the basic overview of the user interface. For our specific idea there are many forums/pages that we would constantly need to switch between in order the maximize the user experience. One of the artifacts that we made was a high level design of the GUI (___). Figuring out how the calendar and the study groups should look for a student is a major design decision that we were able to make. This was very important to complete at an early stage of development, because it will be the foundation for all the development we do going forward.

#### Goals and/or tasks that were planned but not met/completed:

As documented earlier, we did not complete the entire goal that had to do with discussing app implementation. A large aspect of the goal that we were not able to tackle was the backend configuration. We did not manage to think about how we are going to link/connect the user interface with the backend features that we want to implement. We also have not thought too much about the algorithms that we need create. We have decided to use the Google Drive api to store and retrieve information (i.e. class notes). It allows for custom structure, so our data can be managed in any way that we want. However we have also not delved too much into the semantics of google drive and how to use it as efficiently as possible. Even though this goal was not completed we will ensure that it will be by the next iteration.

## Meeting Highlights:

One of the main aspects that we are going to focus on next iteration is the priority of the tasks that need to be completed. When making a project of this scale and magnitude it is really important for us to allocate the right of amount of resources to a particular task and also in a timely manner. There are many parts of the project that we can tackle but if we manage to prioritize the copletion of certains tasks over others that might save us a lot of time and effort going forward. The point applies heavily to code and design. We should try to identify which classes and/or feature to complete first based on factors like dependency and testability.

Another aspect that we should focus on going into the next iteration is the Google Drive api. One of the main functions of our application is being able to store information in the cloud in a custom structure that will be most useful and efficient for our product. We do not really have to much experience programming with a tool like this, so it is really important for us to get familiar with it as soon as possible. The quicker that we get familiar with the api the faster we can starting designing things and implementing features that rely on this API.

